#summary A general introduction to taggging data

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= For new users of electronic tagging ... =

Electronic tags, also referred to as data storage tags or biologgers, are miniaturized data loggers that provide measurement capabilities ([http://tagbase.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/TagTypes.png see examples here]). Sizes of these tags have been dramatically reduced from the early days, when a tag resembled a backpack to nowadays where an implantable tag can be as tiny as a vitamin pill. The electronic components include a clock, a pressure (depth) sensor, a temperature sensor, and often a light level sensor. Salinity, fluorescence, pH and sonic measurements are available in some specialized studies (Laidre et al. 2010; Papastamatiou et al. 2007; Meyers et al. 2008). Additional sensors like accelerometer (Houghton et al. 2009) and magnetometer (Sturlaugsson et al. 2009) can further expand a tag’s measuring capacity. 

Measurements are logged on solid-state memory on RAM with capacity of 16 to 128 MB, or on Flash cards with capacity over 1GB (Wilson et al. 2008). Data can be sampled every second or fraction of second in high-frequency tags (e.g. daily diary tags; Wilson et al. 2008). Realistically speaking, writing data at a frequency of 1 Hz or higher only allows for short-term deployments (< 1 month) and is geared towards studying detailed 3-dimensional movements such as body orientation during diving (Gleiss et al. 2009; 2010; Whitney et al. 2010). For most pelagic fish species, data are usually logged every 30 seconds or 1-2 minutes, and any tag that samples at this rate will need to be physically recovered for complete data retrieval. 

Standard button-size lithium batteries are usually used to power most tags for up to a designed 6 years of deployment, depending on sampling scheme. Solar panels are also added to some newer tags that theoretically can power a tag indefinitely, but practically serve as an option to extend battery life. The remaining design differences dichotomize into deployment platform, data recovery or transmission and tag retrieval mechanism

= Popular platforms =

  ==== GPS or Argos satellite radio-linked telemetry tags (SRLT) ====

  ==== Archival tags ====
  ==== Popup satellite archival tags (PSAT or PAT) ====
  ==== Acoustic tags ====

= Tag manufacturers =
==== _Not comprehensive_ ====
  * Cefas Technology Limited (CTL): http://www.cefastechnology.co.uk
  * Desert Star Systems LLC: Underwater and Defense Systems : http://www.desertstar.com
  * Lotek Wireless Inc.: Fish and wildlife monitoring systems: http://www.lotek.com
  * Microwave Telemetry Inc.: Bird and Fish Tracking Transmitters: http://www.microwavetelemetry.com
  * Sea Mammal Research Unit: http://www.smru.st-and.ac.uk
  * Sirtrack: Wildlife tracking solutions: http://www.sirtrack.com
  * Sonotronics: Underwater Ultrasonic Tracking Equipment: http://www.sonotronics.com
  * Star-Oddi: Data loggers & sensors for fish research and other industries: http://www.star-oddi.com
  * Vemco: Acoustic telemetry for fish monitoring transmitters and receivers: http://www.vemco.com
  * Wildlife Computers: Electronic tags for wildlife research: http://www.wildlifecomputers.com

=  Other resources =

  * [http://www.coml.org/comlfiles/scor/SCOR-tagging.pdf Census of Marine Life - Tagging basics]
