#summary Wishlist items

= Introduction =

A laundry list of things to do


= Details =

1. Prepare for import
- Missing library
- James' info file almost there, inform of minor changes
- Inspect raw files
  > Check dates (e.g. 2004 > 2008 in 68302.xls)
  > Check and standardize archival headers
2. Display, getting data out
- Not too much in the way of archival tags (too much data)
- Better use ODV for viewing
- PAT tags: bubble plots, subset by Hour or Month
- Row limit of MS Graph (output query for getting the data out and reploting (alternatively: use Matlab)
3. Import analysis
- Needs a track
- R code
- DayPart (DPart, renamed for ODV, reserved words)
4. Export to ODV
5. Histogram function
6. Higher end databases
7. Next steps and strategies

Things to do:
1. Alert user of suspicious data?
2. Quality control column? - NEXT
3. ODV: take first derivative
4. Dynamic histogram form with Archival data - YES
5. Update other forms - YES
6. Postgres SQL
7. What things to do with ODV in terms of PAT?
8. MLD? - NEXT
9. Dawn/dusk binning using light info in location from PAT tags - Redo DayPart (although it's functional)
10. Mode of freq data and max. PDT depth - YES (thru mixed forms)
11. Moon data - NEXT!
12. Get Methods, Figures, Legends from Heidi swordfish paper
13. Get metadata headers/ sample
14. Flexible import mapping - YES (still have to configure forms)
14a. Already used in SPOT import and Archival import for James
15. Configure "Restore all forms from backup" Macro / Shortcut - NEXT
16. ODV graph with Vertical Differentiation to show mixed layer dynamically

Vardis: 
- Google site for Tagbase, documentary and description
- Documentation and Paper
- CVS (MAO as server)
- Code to migrate data when you have an update!