#summary Announcements of the latest project features

Welcome to the What's New page for Project Tagbase. Here you'll find descriptions of our latest and exciting improvements.

= December 2013 =

== Tagbase 4.9.2 supports Desert Star SeaTag-MOD ==

We have added support for Desert Star SeaTag-MOD files (limited, as test files may not cover all scenarios), and minor change for import of MT recovered tag files. Google is phasing the download page on Jan 15, 2014, so we will offer new future downloads in other ways, but existing files, including this update will remain available through the page. 

= April 2012 =

== Tagbase 4.9 is supporting Office 2010 64-bit ==

It came to our attention (thanks to Steve Teo) that 64-bit Office with VBA 7.0 required recoding of some functions in Tagbase. This wasn't a cause of concern for most of you out there - Office is installed as 32-bit by default (you have to dig out the 64-bit installer when you really want it). But we worked hard, prevailed and now have updated Tagbase to fully support the latest and greatest from Microsoft Office!

= January 2012 =

== Tagbase 4.8 is released ==

In the festive spirit of the Chinese New Year, we are happy to release Tagbase 4.8. We have extended support to Wildlife Computer DAP/GPE software, which offers a multitude of ways to get a single task done. We try our best to cover all possible workflow, but it is likely we will miss some. So if you find out something is not going right, send us a message.

Happy Year of Dragon!

= December 2011 =

== Tagbase 4.7 is released ==

We put in quite a bit of work to improve import support for Microwave Telemetry (MT) tags. Plus, this version features a new plotting form for MT data, which includes coloring of depth time series by corresponding temperature values. 

Tagbase now also supports the display of polygons, which can be constructed based on your start/end and preliminary track positions. You can use these polygons to subset and access your tag data! Moreover, our filtering capabilities have improved dramatically, allowing you to interact seamlessly between points and tracks on a map and the underlying tag data.

= September 2011 =

== All-new Help articles ==

We have largely expanded our help topics. Hopefully you will find them useful and make your usage experience of Tagbase better. Suggest topics that you want to see us cover too. 

== Tagbase 4.6 is released ==

We try to keep up with some software updates of Wildlife Computers DAP and GPE. This release supports multiple tag import from one single set of Wildlife Computer output files.

== Give our Starter kit a try ==

We try to get you test-drive Tagbase by providing a *StarterKit* going over key functionalities that you can utilize.

== New contributors ==

We warmly welcome our colleagues, Ben Galuardi of [http://www.tunalab.org/ Pelagics Research Center (UMass Amherst)] and Tim Sippel of [http://www.soest.hawaii.edu/PFRP/ Pelagics Fisheries Research Program] (U Hawaii)/ NOAA Southwest Fisheries Science Center as contributors to our project.

= July 2011 =

== Tagbase is published in PLOS One ==

Check it out here: * http://dx.plos.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0021810 *

= May 2011 =

== Tagbase 4.5 is released ==

Please give this a try and let us know what you think!

We are adding new wiki pages to help you along. Write and tell us your experience too.

= March 2011 =

== Our website tagbase.org is fully operational! ==

Hope you will like our graphics and materials 

== Tagbase 4.1 enters first public release ==

This is our stable version. Mapping is not yet included but will be released during Tuna Conference.

http://www.tunaconference.org/Home.htm

This year's theme will be on "Data Challenges", and we plan to showcase Tagbase front and centered.